Concept: 	Select Command
SQL operators and functions
Single Row functions: Date, Numeric, Character functions.
Aggregate functions.

Task / Problems:

1)	List all the members that became the member in the year 2006.
2)	List all the books that are written by Author Loni and has price  
		less then 600.
3)	List the Issue details for the books that are not returned yet.
4)	Update all the blank return_date with 31-Dec-06 excluding 7005 and 7006.
5)	List all the Issue details that have books issued for more then 30 days.
6)	List all the books that have price in range of 500 to 750 and has category as Database.
7)	List all the books that belong to any one of the following categories Science, Database, Fiction, Management.
8)	List all the members in the descending order of Penalty due on them.
9)	List all the books in ascending order of category and descending order of price.
10)	List all the books that contain word SQL in the name of the book.
11)	List all the members whose name starts with R or G and contains letter I in it.
12)	List the entire book name in Init cap and author in upper case in the descending order of the book name.
13)	Show the data in the following format :

Book No		--------------------------------			NAME

101		is written by  					Denis Ritchie
102		is written by  					Loni

14)	List the Issue Details for all the books issue by member 101  
with Issue_date and Return Date in following format. ‘Monday, 
July, 10, 2006’.
15)	List the data in the book table with category data displayed as  
16)	D for Database, S for Science, R for RDBMS and O for all the  
others.
17)	Display the book name, Author name with spaces padded with *.
18)	List the Lib_Issue_Id, Issue_Date, Return_Date and No of days 
Book was issued.
19)	Find the details of the member of the Library in the order of their 
joining the library.
20)	Display the count of total no of books issued to Member 101.
21)	Display the total penalty due for all the members.
22)	Find the total cost of all the books that come under category 
Database.
23)	Find the cheapest book price in the library.
24)	Find the date on which the very first book was issued in the 
library.
25)	Find the date on which most recent the book was issued.
26)	Find the average price of book in Database category.


Concept: 	Group by, Having, Use of Aggregate functions.
Set Operators
Joins


Task / Problems:

1)	List the various categories and count of books in each category.
2)	List the book_No and the number of times the book is issued in the descending order of count.
3)	Find the maximum, minimum, total and average penalty amount in the member table.
4)	Display the member id and the no of books for each member that has issued more then 2 books.
5)	Display the member id, book no and no of times the same book is issued by the member in the descending order of count.
6)	Display the month and no of books issued each month in the descending order of count.
7)	  List the book_no of all the books that are not issued to any  
member so far. 
8)	List all the member id that exist in member table and has also at least one book issued by them. 
9)	List the member ID with highest and lowest no of books issued. 
10)	List all the Issue_details for books issued in December and July without using any arithmetic, Logical or comparison operator.
11)	 List the Book_No, Book_Name and Issue_date for all the books that are issued in month of December and belong to category Database.
12)	 List the Member Id, Member Name and No of books Issued in the descending order of the count.
13)	List the Book No, Book Name, Issue_date and Return_Date for all the books issued by Richa Sharma.
14)	List the details of all the members that have issued books in Database category.
15)	List all the books that have highest price in their own category.
16)	List all the Issue_Details where Issue_date is not within the Acc_open_date and Return_date for that member.
17)	List all the members that have not issued a single book so far.
18)	List all the Members where No of books Issued exceeds the Max No of books allowed.
19)	List all the members that have issued the same book as issued by Garima.
20)	List the Book_Name, Price of all the books that are not returned for more then 30 days.
21)	List all the authors and book_name that has more then 1 book written by them.
22)	List the Member ID, Member Name of the people that have issued the highest and the lowest no of books.
23)	List the details of highest 3 priced books.
24)	List the total cost of all the books that are currently issued but not returned.
25)	List the details of the book that has been issued maximum no of times